docs/todo.rst, before:

===========================
Items from Year 2015 List
===========================

#. Grunt configuration for tasks
#. Use minified javascript files with random names - will force teh browser to fetch newly released javascript
#. Deal with failed but should be charged scenario
#. It's currently not immediately obvious if data has been subject to a split but important if say human split has been incorrectly selected for a mouse study (or not selected for a pathogen study contaminated with human). Could be determined just using the flagstats file names.

===============================================
Items from Plex-level Manual QC Document (2015)
===============================================

Indication of Charge in Manual QC
  #. An interface (GUI widgets) for making alternative charge suggestions will be displayed once a final decision for a lane is registered.
  #. By default a pass means a charge and a fail means no charge.
  #. The additional interface only has to be used if alternative charge decisions have to be communicated.
  #. The charge decisions will be stored in the QC database (maintained by NPG). Currently there is no mechanism to communicate these decisions. The SeqQC display will give indication of the charge decision

Target file level release flag
  #. Release flags will be provided per target file.
  #. The initial value will be true if either manual qc is pass or a charge is made.
  #. A GUI will be provided to update (overwrite) the value.

==============================
Items from existing RT tickets
==============================
#. VerifyBamId highlighting RT#488816
#. Display number of times a library has been sequenced
#. Return of the collapser RT#517381

=============================
Other discussed topics (2015)
=============================
#. Auto-suggests
#. RNA autoqc suite

Commit message:

selected items from the github items list

docs/todo.rst, after:

===========================
Items from Year 2015 List
===========================

#. Grunt configuration for tasks
#. Use minified javascript files with random names - will force the browser to fetch newly released javascript
#. Deal with failed but should be charged scenario
#. It's currently not immediately obvious if data has been subject to a split but important if say human split has been incorrectly selected for a mouse study (or not selected for a pathogen study contaminated with human). Could be determined just using the flagstats file names.

===============================================
Items from Plex-level Manual QC Document (2015)
===============================================

Indication of Charge in Manual QC
  #. An interface (GUI widgets) for making alternative charge suggestions will be displayed once a final decision for a lane is registered.
  #. By default a pass means a charge and a fail means no charge.
  #. The additional interface only has to be used if alternative charge decisions have to be communicated.
  #. The charge decisions will be stored in the QC database (maintained by NPG). Currently there is no mechanism to communicate these decisions. The SeqQC display will give indication of the charge decision

Target file level release flag
  #. Release flags will be provided per target file.
  #. The initial value will be true if either manual qc is pass or a charge is made.
  #. A GUI will be provided to update (overwrite) the value.

==============================
Items from existing RT tickets
==============================
#. VerifyBamId highlighting RT#488816
#. Display number of times a library has been sequenced
#. Return of the collapser RT#517381

=============================
Other discussed topics (2015)
=============================
#. Auto-suggests
#. RNA autoqc suite

==============================================
Selected items from git project issues (2016)
==============================================
#. SeqQC - Create a light weight controller to provide data for what is qc-able in a page. It should work using the same/similar queries to those used for reporting current manual QC outcomes. Query the controller to take decisions about when to generate manual qc widgets in client side. (#319)
#. SeqQC run page: display lib qc stats (num_passed:num_undef:num_failed) for a lane (#281)
